 according to the 1884 statistics, the number of british people who had to be taxed on the basis of property have to be paid.
 the convention incorporates the convention into or into national legislation, which would enable this article to be implemented.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, during the 1 quarter of 1993, the performance of economic performance during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations was accepted by the department of peacekeeping operations and noted that candidates should be included in the recruitment of rosters.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase is the basis for the setting up of grades as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, a analysis of the prices of these spots may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping centers and street stalls will be the highest in 5 years.
 the most difficult projections of peace-keeping are the most hardest predictions, as the assumptions are likely to have significant changes in the year.
 it must be necessary to take care of the intentions of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for israel said that the occupying forces had to stay long for long periods.
 in the very beginning, some of us think that this action would not be possible if it was open and transparent.
 this is very helpful to member states of the complexity of the issues dealt with by the courts.
 the family family planning association was established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 the best report of the state party's most critical health problem affecting women's women.
 it exercises its authority with the powers of international treaties, and therefore, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the size of the future space activities will be expanded.
 it is imperative, therefore, to investigate the facts of the fact.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be allowed to understand that the international community is the united nations decisions and actions of the united nations.
 it is impossible for parents to leave their responsibility to the schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that the implementation of one country, two systems and the hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 today, the representative of malaysia, on the list of speakers, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government is aware that the hos flats scheme must be avoided with private property market and to maintain the difference between the two sectors.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations in the context of consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term shall be elected by a 800 election committee.
 a person must be given due attention to the use of the device to prevent that device.
 it also established an international e-commerce network, and conducted in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronic tender was successfully conducted.
 in 1996, the gross domestic product of gdp increased from 4.9% to 5.9 per cent.
 after the first visit of china's visit to visiting china, mr ting and lovedburgh will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile was strongly protested by a new nuclear installation of nuclear installations on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military volunteers is not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly with the chairman of the regional groups.
 the long-standing problems in the economy of the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus have been unable to contribute quickly to the organization.
 member states of the world trade organization (who) in india and the united states on the transition dispute over the transition period between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth sheng-chien university's family, " he says. "
 however, the committee pointed out that the provision of state services is not good.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the building of education systems, which will establish necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of the internet will be required to register the bank registration.
 in conclusion, mr tsang expressed gratitude to the marine department and other interested parties.
 okay, let's look at other news.
 at the same time, some of these groups needs to be a number of preconditions.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warnings of tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong became normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft preparation of the conference was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would really hope to solve these problems.
 the official languages of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish, and this year include romanian language.
 in co-operation with local trading agencies, hong kong recognised 16 per cent of local financial institutions and local financial institutions, accounting for two per cent and 10 per cent.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey single-seater hostels.
 it is vital to the search for a results, which is feasible to multilateral cooperation.
 the culprits later arrested and sentenced to theft of theft.
 concern was expressed about the donor fatigue of the humanitarian relief of the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed an appeal to the french chamber, so the chamber was sent to france.
 the slow-down in the economies of these countries had adversely affected the economic progress and social stability of social stability, thus giving us a deep concern to them.
 the week is one or seven days.
 we have entered the world through the united nations and the inter-west east and east east, through the united nations.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a crucial role in order to promote development efforts in developing countries.
 " i don't know the sword, " he said.
 (15) there is a international perspective.
 the terrorist attacks occurred since 11 september.
 officials of the ministry of china's ministry of china stated that china's anti-control disease is quite effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces would be in a position to prevent the errors of violent conflicts.
 however, at this critical juncture, the coalition against terror must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i very much hope that the administration can start a dialogue with different voices.
 a representative of the african group, a spokesman for the african group, praised the efforts of unifem for the response of the response.
 the chinese government intends to launch a final plan for 13 coal " in the country.
 at the end of the year, the ancient town of the keung river was thus moving towards the path of modernization.
 the hkma will continue to closely monitor the credit card business of accreditation institutions.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 on the contents of publications, the contents of the contents of the public are concerned about social and economic spheres.
 the vast majority of member states show that they have a tendency to increase the permanent membership of the council and a very permanent membership.
 the customers may be selected for a period of six months after the issuance of the special stamps issued.
 the secretary for education, mr joseph w p wong, will visit the secretary for education, mr joseph p. lai, and other bureau officials.
 in 1971, hong kong's economic and cultural foundations have been established in the society.
 it is not easy for the electors to identify the impact of the electors and election campaigns.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific states declared the intention to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of graduated is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers took place by bulldoz bulldozers, in many cases and even residents.
 these actions are the police, armed forces, law enforcement officials, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and public.
 in fact, i am going to belgium in connection with the relevant persons of the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes have taken place on the concept of national sovereignty, ethnic self-determination, national security and peace.
 such an arrangement is to be conducive to a genuine responsibility to identify real responsibility.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the joint chairman of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the joint chair.
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of national peace, the consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of such institutions.
 the israeli army was disrupted, and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the text of the wording structure is even more tight, and even more contentable.
 this continued, in addition to a high-risk property price, has also caused high priority to the government's government and experts.
 when he doesn't talk about his mind, i would like to take a look at the heart.
 we will never be able to pay a lot of advice from the academics of the academic profession.
 as the saying goes, there is no mistake.
 if the large state party has been confirmed, it is expected that it will speed up the explosion within the democratic party of the new millennium.
 during the days the day after the days of the day, the days of the days of the day.
 the mainland's opening up of the mainland to taiwan is optimistic about it.
 the most common aspect of the function of the function is navigational and adoption of the exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan officially elected director-general of the world health organization was officially elected for the first time in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the international convention, the provisions of the extradition of extradition in accordance with the international court of international law.
 the universal declaration of human rights, adopted by the general assembly, adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution for human rights in the slovenia of slovenia, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no black in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination has become a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating a historic process of history, and the process of more than two years ago, as well as in many political difficulties.
 following the publication of the government's government gazette, the number of brocks from april to 60000 from april rose significantly to 60000 in november.
 in the previous case of the committee, there was no such situation.
 states parties may address the issue in the near future.
 the work of the commission's work must depend on the ability of its members and the work of the commission.
 the letter of authorization shall be signed by the original school.
 the contract has signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be conducted in september 2002 for the quality of services in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are in our pursuit of " quality ". it does not mean that we believe " quantity ".
 the congolese nation was generally widely committed to the end of the conflict.
 the requirement of users is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructures.
 as a result, the government has taken the 1 step forward to proceed with the alliance on hong kong's internal two exchanges and settlements.
 in the mano river coalition office, the regional office must assist the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october in october and october.
 the offence, which commits an offence, was punished by committing a crime, the death penalty and the maximum limits of the death penalty.
 initial investigations revealed that the bullets were fired from a genuine gun.
 in an analysis of the waiting time for nursing care homes, the applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the spread of aids.
 for example.
 in this way, it is possible to ensure peace and harmony in harmony with the coexistence of peace and harmony.
 as regards food prices, i do not know what china's weather changes in china.
 this will not only enhance local production capacity, which can help hong kong's entry services centre in asia, " he said.
 i think that everyone will understand, and we genuinely see the fact that we are now waiting for 17 years.
 in the case of physical health, the symptoms are mainly relatively minor.
 work on the coordination of the relevant issues is also appropriate for the coordination of relevant agencies of the united nations.
 in the face of the market, parents are much more suitable for personal status.
 if the more double-digit doubles, the consequences are certainly very serious.
 for those vietnameses who cannot be resettled by resettlement, they will continue to be voluntary for voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been well established in 1999 and that the system has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is essential before the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of immigration.
 they also believe that this may create a precedent for all types of vessels which have to be noticed by all types of vessels.
 right.
 as the government has been aware of the question, the government will never be able to let us know.
 as at the end of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises were listed in hong kong.
 so far, there have been more than 30 tons of relief items to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges that globalization and new technologies to implement the drug law in the 21 century.
 the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, prior to the opening of the border in 1994, there was no trade in egypt.
 madam president, the processions and assembly are actually not a small number of people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of the interviews.
 the private sector, and the foundations of the private sector and the foundations of the united nations, has increased in a marked increase in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other views <unk>
 i am very excited.
 there are two identity cards, one of the identity cards, and another is the population.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to do so.
 the recent developments in recent days, it seems that it would not help hong kong to solve this problem.
 the model part of the model component includes the development of a model of wizzle model and refurbishment models.
 9 percentage points of this increase in the currency exchange rate came from currency exchange rates.
 typically, a typical of illegal arms transactions are carried out by the administrative facilities and export of arms.
 switzerland will not tolerate the financial system of switzerland, which is not tolerated in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for graduates who hold diploma or places, with monthly salary of $ 8000 to $ 15000.
 the total value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 on the detailed details of the commission, please see the " financial and capital markets commission ".
 it is hoped that these programmes were broadcast in croatia in the near future.
 civil society in commonwealth is complemented by the commonwealth official of the commonwealth.
 the delegation of china expressed the view that the international nuclear disarmament efforts are being used at the end of the world.
 since the honourable leong che-hung has more time, i would like to give support to my support.
 the observer for indigenous people, africa and the inter-american cultures association believed that the recognition of the non-chinese population was argentina.
 " we plan to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the chinese version of the chinese side, and it is very good for hong kong officials to come to the mainland.
 the 5 plenary meeting of the commissioner was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law developed the criteria for the conduct of the conduct of these parties (i.e., reliance on parties and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of capacity to implement the capacity of national programmes would be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar has enthusiasticly supported the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, saharan the sub-saharan africa, for example, is only a telephone.
 the media must respect the dignity and body of personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days each time in the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt.
 owing to the speedy speed of unloading, the cost of transport has been reduced, and all departments have benefited all sectors.
 it's all right.
 3. the 2 is to absorb the development of knowledge, technology and entrepreneurship capacity.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, television, sports, sports, singing and bullets.
 it is very difficult to talk about the children's growth in taiwan, and it is hard to see the impact of them.
 as to the cost of freight costs, the value of compensation can be paid at higher value.
 in the case of the secretary for housing, the secretary for housing invited me to talk about the fact that there is no relationship with the redevelopment area.
 the panel was entrusted with an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in open and transparent manner.
 i have not been able to see, but i often hear such reports.
 (a) the companies who are interested in the cyberport in the cyberport are required to submit formal application applications for the cyberport.
 in terms of movies, yin hsiao-hsiang's story is the " young man ", " says lugman's " tzuman ".
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, mr. director of health, said that some four years later.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central agency, women account for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should have a channel for the human rights commission of the arab league.
 if 159 member states will create a record: this will be a real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc and the financial centre of the sfc will make a report on the status of hong kong's financial centres in this year.
 the meeting felt that the competence of the elections was the privileges of the general assembly, not the privileges of the security council.
 the visitors may also be able to come back in the modern civilization. this is a little shopping in modern civilization.
 we have a long-term goal to bring hong kong into an international city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr lam ping-tong, and the fund management committee on the elderly is the new year's new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow proposes to increase the use of " juvenile police officers ".
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 i would like to point out his amendment to the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment.
 shanghai's rong hang seng international trade and export company, zhejiang province and export companies similar to the above situation.
 the hong kong shipping company is making a decision to meet the economic efficiency of the ship.
 to help sierra leone and the government of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone are a priority of the united states.
 he said that the history of history is in repeating.
 the national development framework for the transitional government demonstrated the role of states in the economic and social development framework.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the extension of the terms of reference of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the democratic republic of the congo in the democratic republic of the congo.
 industrialization, however, many work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation was a member of the commission since she was a member of the commission.
 israel is proud of the ancient traditions of israel.
 <unk> the director-general of the department of information services will serve as the director of information services on january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dance of the dances are the gods of their flowers.
 the situation in the united nations society is the most worrying of concern.
 as a result, the doctor said that the child has already been infected with children.
 the questionnaire has been provided to all programmes and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the u.s., the u.s. s. s. s. s. s. s. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the aim is to raise pressure on 3-party pressure, peace-building, peace-building, so that it will no longer war.
 a no. 3 alarm fire broke out today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of kosovo should not allow them to be dragged and should encourage them to be encouraged.
 we should not forget that these are public funds and are definitely not wasteless.
 on the contrary, there will be a number of universities in the local universities to increase the number of universities.
 i have recently come to the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 copies of the written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or the person to be sent to these written statements.
 qin jinsheng said james soong will arrive at the 1 station in the 1 station and will meet in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also provided additional information to the delegation during its consideration of the report.
 major train explosions took place on the 22 of the north of korea's north east road.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include extensive information on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists, as well as journalists.
 the way in which the people of hong kong are proving hong kong people's emotions and speech stimulated the sentiments of hong kong people.
 the international trafficking act, however, involved other fields, including the clothing industry, agriculture and construction.
 i am not the people of themselves, but i often hear religions in religion.
 therefore, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government in the future.
 we need to assess the impact of elections to the executive and the legislative council, " the spokesman added.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 in fact, we have partly implemented some of its provisions, particularly on mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the volume of trade in latin america was 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons decreased to 19.3 per cent, and it was the first time for the first time to 200000 people.
 the financial year's financial year's financial year, the import and export bank of the united states provides financial assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world market.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 and 6 june on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of taking legal action on the pollution of the financial secretary's site.
 the proposal was proposed to establish 36 posts in the office of the support account, with 18 posts under the regular budget.
 in taiwan, he asked the 3 path of " new intermediaries ".
 right, with a double-edged sword, we have zhang charts, eh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased the take-off of the day-to-day check-up inspection at the scene, which was increased by 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, it is not only in the constitution but also in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw members of the council's attention to the attention of members of the council.
 if they wish to live on the scene, the meeting was 2105 rooms of the united states congress.
 the records of the record shall be on board the final board for 3 years.
 china's 1300000000 people.
 a large number of people in bangkok are ready to take place before the wto centre in bangkok.
 we fully support similar statements by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, the urban taxis will be able to move back to the carpark and loading of car parks in the near ming road.
 the united nations registration of conventional arms has been registered as a transparent measure between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline their staff because of economic growth in economic growth.
 it requires social consensus, " he said.
 this punishment applies only to citizens of the czech republic, but also no refugee status.
 when i went to my child, i was a very serious matter that is very serious.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of the people also attended the international seminar.
 research on gender disparities and inequality affecting the risk accumulated in the risk of risk of risk of risk.
 according to the  conservative engineering centre and the environmental protection bureau, these technological commercial applications can reach a few billion us dollars.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a term of two years commencing january next year.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the east asian region has always accumulated its fiscal surplus.
 the swd has contacted the family members who have contacted chen autumn.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of the accommodation will be up to 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbated the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor.
 in almost all these people have been accommodated, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops, regardless of being invited to be invited, should be withdrawn from the democratic republic of the congo.
 as for improving the recruitment, remuneration and management of police officers, the management and management of the prison is also applicable to prisons.
 " the inspection also found that the loading of bridges will be sufficient to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other loads.
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or been reflected in some international covenants.
 the establishment of the buildings department and the house floor of the buildings department.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish hong kong to live in hong kong.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries has been the main driving force of economic social development.
 we therefore stress the obligation of the nuclear powers to conclude the obligations of the ctbt in 1996.
 in contrast, the united states's largest internet service is only maintained only on each 20 users.
 since the reform opened, small and medium-sized enterprises have made a major contribution to achieving a strategic and social stability strategy.
 in my country as a climate of warm warm warm and <unk>
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to look at this hall.
 <unk> no provision is made to allow the guardian to abandon the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the conference agreed on the implementation of a uniform document for national citizens of the region.
 as a saying goes, there is a real friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, the job of workers, employment and changing business difficulties have caused some time for some time.
 " even if they are entering the station, they should not give up the performance of " alive ".
 otherwise, the draft articles would lose its practical role.
 as a result, there has been a significant increase in inflation in the past year.
 this is no longer in hong kong's mainland and taiwan's veterinary academy in hong kong.
 the greek cypriots are now 66 years old.
 in the last weekend, the local economy has also raised the same forecasts.
 more public awareness of cultural diversity and the interest of the diversity of diversity and the interests of such diversity.
 in view of the large number of applications for single persons, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase loans.
 the above-mentioned seizures were carried out in accordance with the code of procedure of the code and shall be chaired by the judge.
 from this point, the student diet should be the only way in which the students die.
 a catalogue of patients in the field of health-care facilities is provided for the provision of essential medical supplies for the treatment of health care facilities.
 the soil reform plan is not just a relocated land.
 in the light of this theme, the conference tried to remind people that every 20 minutes should be killed or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 later, there were a number of crafts can be purchased when they came to neighbours.
 motorists are advised to command the traffic directions and observes of the police officers.
 this conclusion has been surprising since the legal adviser had not been instructed by the fact that the legal legal adviser had been subjected to the lack of adequate behaviour of the defence defence.
 with the help of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expansion of the existing social security system or the possibility of individual scope.
 amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries had declined simultaneously.
 after the introduction of this scheme, many colleagues will be expected to take the first time for lifelong learning.
 he was reportedly followed by his father, after his father's written complaint, and officials of the ministry of the interior were said to have visited him.
 other narcotics bureau officers also arrested a 40-year-old man.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of employment opportunities is the only low-level service sector.
 the project shows that the current policy of small enterprises with respect to credit subsidies is based on the previous policy experiences of credit subsidies.
 mrs miriam lau has claimed to be the help of the youth charter.
 the three men were arrested for conspiracy to defraud the money of the woman.
 they should adopt a gradual and gradual market-based market in the country's country, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies.
 from the international level of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war in iraq.
 the real development concept should include respect for all universal universally universally universally universally accepted human rights.
 the state practice shows that there is a considerable difference in the length of the right of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan fervently hope that the security council had considered the agenda of the previous agenda, which could be re-examined.
 countries have achieved considerable reduction in the population of living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused setbacks.
 as a result, some of the countries of the poor are not available.
 recognize the role played by neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be committed to achieving a mutual and mutual understanding of all generations.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the veterinors also attended the scene at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu. "
 many missions have been informed of the investigation of the survey data, which had verified self-sustainment rates.
 if the floods of the northwest new territories will be completed, we must implement the river management project.
 the capitalism of normative capitalism has often caused drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen's 1 piece of work in the work of the queen's co-worker's work.
 one-way navigation between the two places can be reduced to about 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories has been full of full-scale reproduction.
 <unk> don't make a large quantity of cash or replenishment.
 at least 17 were shot dead, 38 individuals were killed.
 working with international human rights services, working together with international human rights services, a minority group was able to address these problems in 1997.
 28 immigration officers of the immigration department and 13 police officers mounted 7 target units in sham shui po.
 it is therefore appropriate for the contracting authority to consider controlling the measures that may be needed.
 economic growth in developed and developing countries and countries with economies in transition were very important in developing countries, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were killed and killed by the cpn ( maoriist) armed elements.
 in accordance with a law section 22, a person convicted of terrorist acts, in accordance with the existing legislation, is legal responsibility.
 mr president, it will be completely resolved if the rubbish garbage is closed.
 more than 200 million children in the 1990s were killed in armed conflict, with more than 600 million left permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is also very helpful to the development of ecology.
 basically, this is a visible commitment to the government of the government.
 a warning letter will be given to the department of the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we have once again proven to be one of the most competitive economies in the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 680008000000 with the construction of kinmen ltd.
 in hong kong, i check hong kong's laws in hong kong.
 thirdly, cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 between june and july this year, most of the major sectors of the major industry and underemployed have remained stable.
 this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities can be absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is active in the drafting of negotiations on the suppression of the financing of the financing of terrorism.
 this regulation, together with the " factory and industrial operations ", will effectively implement the protection plan.
 the letter does not contribute to improving the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya but only the result of the contrary.
 we firmly believe, however, that the report of the secretary-general contains the right framework for the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number of poverty has been growth and relatively large.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this area, " he said.
 the state party argues that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the cause of the darfur conflict was a dispute between the feathers and crops in the area with crops in the area.
 the amendment has also been reserved for the future development fire services bureau and open space of the fire services bureau and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but to escape from liberia.
 the new education fund, which has just been published, is also available for the upgrading of the language skills.
 chen chen-ping was satigrated with the winds of bones and from time to time.
 in fact, as far as judicial jurisdiction is concerned, the proposal of the garrison act is close to the present british forces.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of a resource centre for the judiciary was not aimed at encouraging proceedings for themselves.
 the meeting of the meeting would like to express his discussions very useful and will take follow-up actions on various recommendations.
 we will also prepare for the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 the car park, which is located on 1 avenue, is limited to a special label with the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 in the past three years, the villagers have been able to make a green tree with 320000 trees.
 the institute of land reform in el salvador was established as a result of the transfer of land transfer schemes as a result of the implementation of the peace agreement.
 the advisory committee does not object to these posts.
 members of the girl or who have information on the girl is urged to contact the mong kok police station on 2398 6399.
 in 1997, the institute has designated an official formal issuance mechanism to implement improved quality and upgrading productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on the two three issues.
 to this end, the importance attached to education and education has been the means and means to promote social development in developing countries.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is certainly not under the command of the blast of the military.
 the field assets control system is designed for a series of audits designed for the united nations assets to be disposed of the first time.
 that is impossible.
 for security reasons, in order to protect the environment, it is essential for the protection of the environment, without liquidity, unfreeable gas and no chemical response.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse still, as a result of the threat of a nuclear-weapon-free zone, it appears that the threat posed by many people have taken root in their brains.
 in the village, the village has been able to go away.
 armed conflict in darfur region began in february last year.
 the right to discriminate against serious discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, in particular respect for pluralism.
 in accordance with the rules of the relevant rules, any document or address shall not be dismissed.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that hong kong's ranking will be rebound.
 the choice is to choose whether trading contracts were contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but in the long term, it will be a challenge.
 they tend to retreat in a deference.
 at that time, governor patten is busy in the preparation of the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for friday, november 16, 2001.
 however, it was possible to be disappointed, however, that so far, only one defendant has been referred to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially children's lives, has always been saddened, and this sadness beyond the ethnic and religious boundaries.
 the seizures included in the operation included $ 50000.
 in recent years the world economy has undergone rapid changes.
 the guidelines have been set up in the buildings department and have been distributed to all management companies and owners.
 in their view, the technical and technical levels of science and technology can be described as technology.
 while member states requested to strengthen their representation on the basis, their progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 about 3 p.m. local time at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb took place near the centre of the city centre.
 the security security guard at the session of the session, as well as individuals, will receive special passions issued by the united nations security service and security service.
 the information received from the latest map and the newly received information received quickly to rescue agencies.
 the scheme is 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without gender discrimination.
 however, mine-clearance activities have been carried out in the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies.
 the royal government of cambodia provides legal protection for the protection of hiv <unk> aids and protect the human rights of these people.
 again, once again, once again, the housing department has once again visited the housing department for further examination.
 the dropout rate for girls in secondary schools is still higher than boys, in secondary and university, and women still account for their own.
 on the other hand, anti-bian and the bian-bian and bian-bian <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 there was no difficulty in establishing and access to such private schools.
 who did not imagine that he has changed her decision.
 the warnings of the transport department will be received.
 that is, in the hands of the united states, he, er, in the hands of the united states.
 chairman of the co-operation agencies of the environment, and the senior adviser of the president of the world bank.
 if the government is interested in investing in investing in investment, it is better to do business.
 in addition, it should also take into account the dissemination of changes over the past decade, particularly with regard to globalization and technology.
 there are some things that i am sure.
 the cuban and sugar quotas of the united states had been proposed to be abolished.
 however, in the longer run, the government still intends to recruit candidates.
 3 children have been released, but the next day must also go to the gendarmeriage.
 mr. boil is the modernization of the hong kong sar trademark law.
 the more voters will vote, of course the more representative of our 1 legislative council.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic missiles can be located at a distance of 13 minutes.
 if he is not sufficient enough, he will be able to rest with a rest.
 this approach is obviously administrative.
 the armed attacks in december 1963 was a ethnic cleansing movement against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that, in addition to the addition, it should also include models.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case before the tribunal, " he said.
 the delegation of china expresses its appreciation to the delegation of delegations for the work of the subject.
 there is no people who went to him.
 with regard to the instability of the marriage of the marriage, she asked whether to identify the root causes of the family.
 the fact is that the environment of the earth is worse than one year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of members of the commission on innovation and technology on innovation and technology.
 he will take major reforms in the securities and futures markets and to enhance the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, the importance of more refined and available information has enabled non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that this was the majority of the majority, not control groups and individuals.
 " the success of the success of the past and the present every member of our colleagues, " he said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 to improve the standard of living of children and improve services, parents have to pay some costs on the basis of household income.
 further efforts need to be made to make a further effort to promote the results of the work of the relevant state authorities.
 those who could not be allowed to support these criminal acts are safely safe for them.
 on july 26, this year, a security guard has seen a security guard to capture two burglary suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their own actions.
 in the traditional business environment, the marketers can only take care of what he can actually contact or contact clients.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that foreign origin of the republic of the republic shall be protected by the law of the republic of haiti.
 the european union's member states had three years to make it unanimously in order to meet the instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the region in the region continues to be weak in the economy of japan.
 it is unrealistic for other people to fight themselves.
 at the same time, it is also necessary to sell the jewels to be sold.
 in the near future last year, the fisheries industry agreed that it was not easy to cultivate the fish.
 despite the condemnation of the international community, the security council has condemned numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the regulation and standards of regulation under the sfc's licensee of the sfc.
 for the first time for the first time, the return of the planet was the first time.
 we want to see that the university of peace has genuine universality and to assume a genuine global mission.
 the population estimates that the projections and projections are an essential parameters of projections and projections in private and commercial institutions.
 many years ago, friends of friends were invited to participate in the chinese new year evening.
 the united states government recognized the diplomatic immunity of diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the rule of adjudication is paid on the basis of a compulsory rule of law.
 in the competition, students have to cope with accidents, such as power cuts, black-shaped attacks, equipment and passless equipment.
 we are now considering the views of the industry to implement proposals.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have a special reference to the use of blastages and a company with one or one company.
 it is also strange to say that chinese people's names will be avoided, but they are so great.
 the department of health has provided health education and disinfection at his home.
 let me now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in our country.
 the high commissioner also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the implementation of the recommendations of the special rapporteurs recommendations.
 at the time of focusing on the necessary action, we refuse to look back on a single aspect.
 we are watching the process of the settlement of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 i would like to do so.
 these include the threat of the concept of sovereignty, including the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of the world's security and peace cannot be achieved by the international community.
 a number of emergency emergency in lima can be extended on 15 december.
 a few days after the taliban occupation of mazar-sharif, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles enables the unique nature of such threats, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's government has government's government's government's government's government's policy to provide support platforms for the application of the application system.
 in addition, 106 in private care centres have also been maintained at the present time.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but there is no significant change in the front lines.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a variety of new novels.
 but for some immediate dangers, the departments concerned will take immediate action.
 the board of experts could take a new image of images and the recent image of the new images (about 15000).
 a 10 per cent vacancy rate is included in the local level.
 the use of coal to natural gas will also reduce the emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen and the carbon dioxide of carbon dioxide.
 works will begin early next year and is expected to be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, a large number of persons with 100 or more persons employed persons in other sectors, with 50 or more than 50 persons.
 in accordance with section 23 of chapter 23 of the swedish penal code, the penalty is below the maximum limits applicable to the maximum number of offences.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 5682 of the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the king of morocco, hasan king ii ii, died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan action mission, and other 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are being implemented by non-governmental organizations and the remaining 19 will be attended by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spanish concerns.
 if the vehicle is uncommoned, it will be necessary to do anything.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes ") application of information technology is inadequate.
 8 days later, the u.s.a., the usa and us were two times.
 more than 2000 potrolands will be displayed at the hong kong park in hong kong.
 the survey will provide information on the standard of living of the entire territory, particularly in respect of the level of poverty.
 one of the hot spots of the world is so niny's new visual plane this year.
 in 1993, hong kong is a major tide of respect for human rights in the world.
 it is also known to know that flies and other diseases are effective.
 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation was amended in 1999 to give more inquiries to the independence and the independence of the competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speaker in the hong kong trade development council and the france association of france.
 the international community can cooperate with each other.
 on 19 january 2001, the ministry of finance responded to a response.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market and the property prices will not be big, " he said.
 the honourable lau ping-cheung seemed to say that if the application is to be made, how can how to say <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal framework of the proposal may be found in articles 10 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the country must begin to collect data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables is the case of undp from various agencies.
 i remember that some people used a lot of such as " vested interests ".
 many people will not agree with this view, but it would object to the open land departure tax.
 in accordance with the contract, related transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed with the forests of the area.
 the angolan armed forces also took place in the southern part of the kararar province and continues to be offensive in the south-eastern region.
 if we decided to extend the plan, we intend to extend our intention to provide assistance to those who have affected labour shortages.
 the use of the german loading trains in germany, and the price price is $ 8000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 this type of work is still being made by the division and is required to consider and approve specific circumstances.
 special traffic arrangements will be implemented on hong kong island on hong kong island in order to hold a public service on hong kong island.
 private universities have given relief to tuition tuition for the student economy.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as to resume multilateral negotiations, is essential to further achieve the common goal of all peoples of our region.
 his thieving is extremely strong, and he was dominated by him.
 in some of the police officers, the question of the question of the attack will be made.
 the results of those who were not ill-welled for medical purposes have been re-opened by a german company through a german company.
 it welcomes the adoption of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel has also continued to be open to the tunnels at the al-qsa mosque in al-quds al-aqsa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival of the spring festival this year, the tourism industry has not received any complaints about visitors.
 " i believe you will become important assets, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defense has carried out an depreciation for the depreciation of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, i can say that, in any case, i am sure that we should not go down.
 the vehicle immediately removed the scene along sha tau kok street to tai chung street.
 although there is evidence, they are still in defence, saying that they have no " transfer ".
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopoly characters.
 however, it is unfair to point out that, in the context of their respective roles and mission, it is neither unfair and inappropriate to each other. "
 i am sure not only to affect today's influence today.
 the political breeding of environmental problems, even even though the words " everything ", has been referred to the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as it can resist the disease.
 the fact that citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in the decline in the gaza strip and led to salt water from the sea to the east.
 i think this week is the resolve of the international health of the international health of this week.
 i also wish to express my gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general and thank him for his consideration of the report today.
 we need to perform this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been able to rebuild democracy through a few decades of political instability.
 the west of the west is only one of the legends.
 as we all know, there is an important change in the hearts of the hualien university.
 it is, in fact, an important part of the involvement of the united nations in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there are no other children.
 the " peace " is a whole and the entire continent of the whole continent and gives brightness to all peoples. "
 as the chairman of the advisory committee of the newly established advisory committee, i shall make a good foundation for a good foundation for the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a moral means of implementing punishment, and the aspirations of the international community as a whole.
 cocaine seizures in croatia were very low in recent years, and the report seized 913 kg.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal by the relevant united nations bodies to consider the request of the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (wc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industry.
 then he was taken away by a police vehicle who was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was on the car.
 with regard to the environment, it should be more effective and more substantive ways to protect the nature of nature.
 the secretary-general has put forward the development of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to define more clearly the user and evaluation of the work of the public information.
 mr chan kam-lam said that his statement is more than me, but i am now talking about a short time.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums to deal with the problem of terrorism.
 the 1 court of appeal by the court of appeal of the united states court of appeal, which was granted by the court of the united states.
 with regard to this, the 30000 displaced persons in the southern part of the equator area and in the northern part of katanga province were not aided.
 as a result of the fighting and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave the city.
 in response to the present economic situation, we urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the cost-effectiveness of pre-employment training. "
 at most, i can only be able to communicate with the local saying that the government is not very good.
 the current budget for the current budget is: unhcr receives less than $ 40 per year.
 the amount of 10 per cent of the value of the value of the value of the exchange rate should be received in order to offset the floating of exchange rates.
 the president's views and mrs..
 the world trade ministerial conference will be held in seattle, which could be an appropriate forum.
 mr tien said that, on the above-mentioned question, the sub-committee recommended that primary school students, university graduates and professional groups should be able to meet the basic skills.
 therefore, it is not fit to me.
 regular receives of the images and processing of satellites-6-6-year-old photographs and 7 (about 30 minutes ".
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written objection to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 and this year.
 the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically the same.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of ecuador has increased, climbing up to 2<unk>3 and the number of colombians.
 the example of the most recent example is that the construction of the country's country park is a dispute about the integrity of country parks.
 the pre-seventions of the sub-items are contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, will focus on the workshop on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested in the operation of the operation was released on bail pending further enquiries.
 this issue has often been informed of the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress in the current level.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to gather information on counter-terrorism activities on the eastern caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose non-governmental organizations to provide information and how information is available.
 to safeguard the interests of consumers, i am speaking on behalf of the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party today.
 turkey supported the support of the director-general to encourage the strengthening of the policies of the field, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 there are 15 different countries in different countries.
 the legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty under the provisions of the treaty was signed.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least one of them, can return to their homes.
 the list of states that should be punished by the state list is not short and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the hon hon yiu-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the decrease in the construction industry also appeared in the construction industry, and the transport industry and the transport industry.
 in view of the budgetary constraints, some restrictions have been imposed on the cost and expenditure of lawyers.
 there is a need for a period of time-frame for a period of time to become a punishment.
 every time, the next class is the weekend.
 one another thing is that the government's instructions to deal with their business.
 programme enquiries can be made by the programme: 24611<unk> reservation reservation: 2773499.
 that is why the taiwan strait can be used as a unit.
 article 190 to 2061 of the georgian code of the georgian penal code elaborated the procedure for the assets of the assets of the assets.
 " in addition to the charging case, we also believe that there is a need to extend to the training and traffic area, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grievances of the worst dictatorship in the continent.
 we are not in favour of taking pressure on the issue of pressure on the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i would like to say. they would say that you would not allow you to join you.
 he was released a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global approach to halt the further spread of anti-personnel landmines.
 additionally, article 13 to 18 shall be considered under reference to the international regime in the light of the jurisdiction.
 1970, minister counsellor of the us embassy in italy.
 there should be a code of ethic codes of ethic codes of ethic codes of ethics in conflict areas.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objectivity.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that the sale of flats in the home ownership scheme will be available for sale in the housing scheme scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the deaths of the deaths was 32000.
 however, i would like, however, that the handling of this issue reflects the history of history and people of the balkans.
 when we talk about the future of hong kong, chinese leaders said: " the united kingdom has done so. "
 more than any other group, they need family, social and government care and care.
 it was reported that the polluted area had been exported to the polluted food, which was then used as a cleaner food.
 with regard to the choice of the child's choice, luxembourg made reservations about this convention.
 they also agreed to discuss and agree with the need to stop the flow of weapons into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 one of the boys who want to be killed, and i also wish to go to all the victims over the last decade.
 ni kuang-kuang talked about a woman. it's a chinese edition.
 the overall plan focused on assisting girls and women to raise self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management authority and palau are committed to safeguarding the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> c <unk> d <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in the promotion of raising chickens, there have been an exchange of commuters with the farms.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding.
 in this context, the commission's efforts to understand the full conduct of iraq's entirety.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who have lost their power.
 the main reason for the resulting unutilized balance is the termination of the troop expansion programme.
 in addition, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 the research and practical application of scientific research and practical applications should be strengthened.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region are elected and elected.
 in the reporting period, 40 enterprises received from $ 216000 during the reporting period, creating or save 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council were participating in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests carried out in may of may.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we are persuaded to ask for your friends to understand their own underlying and honestly demanding assistance.
 a few months later, the storm's storm is also a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, it was closed yesterday.
 after protesting protests, some people's emotions were diverted.
 the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4) is only in recent years.
 i think this is the most important respect for the civil service, allowing them to go to the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes in the pension system of pensions, which affected women's impact on men.
 (c) the force commander: as a result of the dissemination of information transmitted by the office, there were two local level posts.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the development division and family support division of the community development division has already undertaken advocacy activities, national families, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " the exhibition is extremely successful in terms of channels of channels and strategic partnerships, " he said.
 the international community should be able to look at human rights at a fair and equal manner in the same position.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 the provisions of the joint declaration are also observed in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked to me.
 the united states dollar deposits increased by 17% in july to november, with only a7% of 0.6% in december.
 the committee would like to know the findings of this incident.
 however, women's ability to participate fully in society clearly depends on the economic and social resources and its legal rights.
 many of the issues of the general assembly and the many of the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common concerns of all humanity.
 they must end their despair and suffering.
 " we are committed to the preservation of all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side made a reasonable solution.
 of the $ 20000000000, it is only $ 12000000000 to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent index for the consumer price index reflects the changes paid by households in hong kong.
 this approach, in the jurisdiction of this approach, has focused on the return of proceeds to the original guarantee.
 he believes that the beijing olympics were dominated by the beijing olympics, and china will definitely succeed in the 2008 olympic games.
 at the last session of this year, the commission considered the key issues of productive employment.
 we will make a general assessment of the situation in the economy.
 the protection of maternity protection regulations 2000 has also been banned from eight to 21 weeks.
 there are also significant improvements in paraguay to enable river transit corridors to become 2 key transport routes next to the road.
 welcome.
 in addition, the financial secretary also agreed that it would be possible to develop a strong development, and we hope that it will be implemented as soon as possible.
 for the public, the importance of the general assembly is the importance of art culture.
 in most countries, the elderly population was faster than the overall population population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, it was reported that the national records of the national archives unit was looted.
 i am delighted to officiate at the opening ceremony of the china space science and technology achievement exhibition today.
 the disciplines of their discipline are made by their discipline and act as a united nations.
 these proposals have been the public opinion of over-year-old public opinion.
 " there is no need for the public, " he stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public to contact investigating officers of the missing person who knows the whereabouts of the missing person.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat was informed about the review of the system-wide meetings.
 in the 7-year-old man, the spirit of his spirit, the spirit and voice of his voice, is not feeling tired.
 this incident took place on the way along the path of immigration pointing on the way in ancient times.
 in fact, the total number of unemployed persons is higher.
 the government of some industrial governments have enabled all heavily indebted poor countries to proceed from decision-making, which also deserve further consideration.
 in this century and the millennium, we have seen the great accomplishments of mankind.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about the amendment, and i would like to say a few words.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be used as biotechnology revolutions as the biotechnology revolution.
 i understand the government's commitment to draft basic law on the accuracy of the basic law.
 the violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing needs of the iraqi people to food and medicine, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and chinese temples have been established shortly after the promulgation of the chinese temples ordinance.
 it is well known that voluntary and compulsory recruitment are sometimes difficult to distinguish between the recruitment and coercives.
 on the occasion of the written reading of the japanese pages, the letter was written.
 at the same time, inflation continued to be higher, and it is expected that this year's inflation rate will be nearly 10 per cent.
 on the other hand, mr cheung also mentioned that he was tired of many voters in the legal profession.
 i am also very much agreeing to the amendment of the amendment to reduce some of the proposed administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat here again.
 a number of the draft conclusions and recommendations of the review commission will be submitted to the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project, which would have a profound impact on the management of the united nations, budgetary and financial work.
 if it's not enough, it's much better to buy the number of people.
 to meet the relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department and the planning department will work together with the oil companies.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (interpretation from chinese): i would like to congratulate you, as well as other colleagues, congratulate you for your presidency of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the text is to put forward a number of political options and rights to the states concerned after the imposition of an international wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers made an investigation into the three rooms of the above-mentioned hotels.
 they must receive continuing professional training and their registration <unk> authorized parties to consider renewal.
 in late february, the ed will be invited to be invited to be invited to be invited to participate in the allocation of schools in march.
 however, the implementation of these technology costs.
 i was also a bit hesitated with him.
 in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3, the contradictions of operative paragraph 3 is more obvious.
 the minimum age for duty is to benefit from the benefit of every society.
 the view was expressed that the issue of the remuneration of the insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i am not repeating the arguments earlier earlier. i hope only members will give them a bit of fairness.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman shall announce that the debate should be announced in the debate.
 he said: " you often contact the man's darkness, or even the darkness, " he said.
 i think the upper limit should be left in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the 2 sisters of the sisters are suffering from starvation, guarding and storming and snow.
 " we should continue to improve our service level. this is our expectations for our expectations, " the spokesman added.
 it is possible to set up a great step in the future.
 <unk> 6 <unk> the community is clearly strongly committed to the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom.
 in my opinion, the government is like " itself ".
 however, when his delegation went to new york, it did not stop them into the united states.
 " the pace of recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow down. "
 the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with a number of criteria.
 in order to reduce funds in the short term, i think the government should be more active in implementing the policy.
 the vienna convention on treaties relating to the vienna convention on the law of treaties relates to the issue of reservations of the treaty on human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose democratic paths: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democratic nation with a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly had a 7, including five children.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (ii) private land titles are the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 " we think that hong kong's cultural life is indeed an ideal city for the future. "
 in a number of countries, the transfer of cross-fired instruments are classified as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of the salaries tax and personal income tax tax will be received within the next two weeks.
 however, we must overcome the sadness of the sadness of japan.
 the preparatory work for women and family services in the sudan, welfare and social development are responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the administrative committee on administrative issues and the chairman of the organization and shall be responsible to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the close of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 at the same time, life expectancy in life expectancy (table 3 and 5).
 2, the checks and balances between the administration and the legislative council.
 even if there is no public transport, most of the people who have gone almost almost no work.
 this year may, after all, be different.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy recently launched by the bush administration.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 i 'm very good. " i 'm very good. "
 despite a good financial performance, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to achieve its objectives.
 yes, a little difference.
 if we want the united nations to play a vital role, we must bring the united nations to take a step in the way forward.
 the financial secretary referred to the song " under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repairing works on the ground under the ground.
 after the selection of the chief executive, mr tung believes that this time is the last presiding session of the legislative council.
 the spokesman said: " the number of industrial accidents and accident rates have been downward.
 the croatian police are also searched by the croatian police in the area of control and vehicles in the area of control.
 as for the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung pointed out that this would be misunderstanding of the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration plan is formally implemented, the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have been consulted, and it is not appropriate to ask the question of question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winds " and said that it would be possible to reduce civil servants salaries.
 in the evening, he will fly to washington for the last stop in north america north north north america.
 exports from developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session 2001, the court decided to submit this matter to the meeting of states parties.
 to allow her to keep her shoes.
 despite the need to analyse the data and quantity of data and quantity, the contents of the analysis were relatively low.
 however, the report pointed out that although the local market had food and in particular, the purchasing power of the people was very limited.
 the advisory committee agreed with this view and recommends that the current amount of 23.7 per cent were retained.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a reason for the achievement of the endless.
 the administration has acknowledged that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state of sovereignty.
 however, there is a continued growth in hong kong's economy, and the surplus of the treasury has made many other countries.
 it should be so.
 the under-secretary-general has indicated that the time frame for the commission is not determined.
 for more than 3 years, a large number of documents proved that owing to the shortage of water shortages, the price has been paid.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear explosions, but not prohibiting nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear weapons or new weapons systems.
 they answered that since they were anxious, they were not hospitalized.
 the overall size of the whole can be more than its overall and far greater.
 (b) the clp will be placed on a day-to-day basis on may 1 this year.
 in the light of the green paper, it is true that the green paper is indeed a humon.
 in 1993, the witnesses of china had been appointed as a member of china and became a member of the concessionaires in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority should be made for cooperation with a long-term strengthening of the capacity and infrastructure of national protection and protection.
 the weekly working group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the law of international law as the most powerful law.
 at the present time, science and technology has evolved rapidly, and the world is moving towards multipolarization.
 in addition, the chinese paintings with the museums of the museum and the museum of the museum will also begin.
 it's not surprisingly that the clipping of the clipper and a sense of dismissal.
 i referred to the response of the crisis in west africa.
 however, the fundamentals of the people of angola are truly committed to achieving peace and national reconciliation.
 chinese exporters and investors have increased significantly in the eu's activities.
 there are few indications showing that there is a dangerous drugs in fiji.
 as a result of such a seminar, everyone thought that it was not a waste of national money.
 in brazil's oil turtles, fusians, the maddents and the seas are all the most powerful species in taiwan.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination on the basis of different salaries, or are subjected to slavery.
 (a) more than 50 per cent of the country<unk> (ii) may be generally speaking on the developed countries.
 today, lu lucia has a female head of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have tried to influence a government.
 this fanatic phenomenon is the product of a system of new single-seated regimes on the other than a country.
 recently, there have been some original groups who had not been able to speak out and oppose the direct elections in 1988.
 however, as the people's restoration of life, the possibility of continuing resources will be needed for east timor.
 in the capital, a police attack was attacked by car bombs, at least five deaths and 19 others.
 in the last few months, the police was charged with violations of human rights violations or criminal acts.
 his election highlights his various advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as tourism is a people-oriented industry, the whole industry cannot survive.
 each of the 10 cms per 10 cms per 10 cms per 10 cms shall be between 173 and 133 pairs of two layers.
 the words " repeal ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with the hawkers.
 in the context of non-signive security conditions, the debtors continued possession of the debtor should be responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of assets.
 i am confident that these arrangements, in particular mutual legal assistance, will be a result of the future.
 however, in the context of urgency, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but there was no casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed " conference, which is the open meeting of the membership of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that in the near future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not referred to in section viii of the document.
 the secretary for constitutional affairs and the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some things are too close to the elections.
 equitable distribution is equally important.
 the two vacancies will continue to be filled and the meeting was suspended on the same day.
 the carparks adjacent to the centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients's investment portfolio continues to be stable.
 many people have been able to enjoy the convenience of car shopping cards, but they have paid a large amount of money.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee visited japan to participate in the 8 world muscles in the 8 world.
 the 3 least developed countries conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the ma wan island development plan.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible for the detailed details of these two units.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12.
 the young man is happy and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl friends.
 during the safety of safety, mr cheung kin-chung: " hong kong's occupational safety and health management " in hong kong.
 i would like to ask you to ask you for you.
 the new hong kong new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instrumental instruments.
 in spite of the limited financial resources of the financial difficulties, many of the small sums could reach a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the content of the draft bill had been too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we have to uphold the rule of law and to uphold hong kong's prestige and international financial centre.
 the distribution of resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to be able to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the promotion of university-level employment.
 at the time of the 50 years of age, lin's personality has been found that there is a change in his personality.
 after entering into the village, the israeli occupying forces destroyed all houses of the village and burned another.
 all the above-mentioned symptoms should be invited to consult doctors in order to ensure early diagnosis and treatment.
 child prostitution refers to the use of a child for compensation or any other forms of consideration, obtaining or facilitating the use of children.
 this is a good achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders-on-hand in the fabricated metal products industry increased further.
 equally important is the serious external debt problem faced by the african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of their export earnings.
 after multi-hour debates and many years of consideration, we are now looking back to the beginning.
 in the economic and social council, there are 14 panels of experts and members of their members, not representatives of states.
 the number of experts will provide more intensive tactical training.
 the entire project was completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for the co-operation of south-south cooperation.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and there are many changes in the traditional family structure.
 in order to ensure a high quality of chinese language textbooks, the authorities have set up a chinese language textbooks committee.
 another example is: " the business of the banks is best, " and if it sounds, people have to get the money.
 they are said to have been injured.
 while his delegation appreciated the leading role played by unctad, the panellists had not provided a solution to the question of some interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will assist those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, there is a need for trade.
 however, it was reported that the supervisory authorities had been transferred to the scene, and the whereabouts of the victim's whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the particular interests of political parties, members of political parties should receive public funding, and they should be subject to strict control and transparency.
 it is expected to be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the working group on the right to development.
 it was not imagined that sun yun-hung, who had gone up with numerous perpetuals.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-king, attended a report to the chief executive this morning with three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories in the new territories are subject to collective officials.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas, " he said.
 if you want to make it clear, " you 're not " <unk> " don't " want to " love ".
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seemed to be blamed by the government or the local people.
 please watch the 5 platforms of new zealand's programs for new zealand, and innovative countries.
 the draft resolution adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 during the testing of the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact of the area should be set up in the area and to protect them.
 the national television broadcasts on this seminar, which helped to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not under the age of 65, there is no right to receive the minimum wage and earning a minimum wage.
 in general, this information would not be disclosed.
 he is well-known, and he has always been committed to achieving success in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to conduct a review of the regulations on the basis of the international standard of international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies for vacancies in the scheme under the scheme.
 as china has recently acceded to the world trade organization and the 2008 olympic games, this cooperation has also led to a significant increase in communications in communications.
 recently, a scholar from the mainland, the university of hong kong came from the mainland.
 as a whole, the existing system has played checks and balances.
 he said that, if someone was theft, then cut off his hands, it also guarantees the security of several thousand people.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections, indicating that the importance of the provisional self-government authority.
 marker was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the retention of " taipei's " taipei dignity " is now on the front gate.
 the name of the names requested not to disclose the names of the names of the names, " the spokesman said.
 in 1944, rice was born in new zealand, and the university of jaberrat, canberrat, and the australian university of australia.
 in the traditional markets, two chickens are taking advantage of each other.
 details of the proposal, both in english and chinese, will be put up on the proposal to provide public access to public access.
 because the dpp has launched a new dpp campaign.
 in the manufacturing sector, the manufacturing industry is indeed a lot of employees.
 the claimant provided a export credit guarantee for export credits and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has set up national plans for implementation in various fields.
 the committee recommends that more attention be paid to the accuracy of the requirements.
 according to the act of health, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical care (art. 5).
 the european union considers that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted scholars in bangkok, " nobody knows how much the cost of the costs are. "
 the present document is published by the people of liaoning people.
 madam president, today's secretary today is to " die ". we should not stay away.
 in the dark atmosphere, i would like to say that some of them are more daunting.
 the annex contains the comments made by the government of the international court of justice in the annex.
 with the performance of the performance, the audience's reaction was very enthusiastic.
 i can also quote some examples. some complaints have been said that some chronic diseases have been given to the hospital authority.
 the approved plan will be amended to reflect the latest development proposals for the latest development of kowloon.
 actually, i all arrived in chongqing.
 the team is in support of ensuring that gender issues in the national census in 2001.
 she is entitled to enjoy all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme, with a view to prevention, to prosecute victims to rehousing victims.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee noted that, in some cases, reports had been referred to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, at the same time, 100  fighter fighters have been distributed to the small arms ammunition of approximately 15000 small arms ammunition.
 2, reducing the situation of tension.
 let me first begin action on the draft resolution entitled economic and other activities affecting the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in cash.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general, mr. otnonono, and the special representative of the special representative, this morning.
 the decline in foreign investment in developing countries is likely to lead to financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized on 24 and 25 june 1998 with the government of the czech republic.
 owing to the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged, and there is still 177.
 this is mainly attributed to the concept of concepts in the past 5 years.
 hiv <unk> aids has been suffering from the sufferings of children and orphans<unk> the increase in violence has increased more heavy suffering.
 in january of this year, mr. sergio de mello's proposal should be to strengthen the efficiency of the civilian police at disposal.
 our assessment is that the conditions of return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 the youth population is about 19 per cent of the population of africa, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong has already developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, south korea and india.
 in the us, a typical consumers in the united states have to spend more than 1000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be borne in mind the humanitarian situation in iraq.
 this is a subject to which it is worthwhile.
 oios urges the ministry of disarmament to assist the new political will of the new political will of member states.
 the financial condition of our financial condition is lucky than that of the united kingdom, so it is absolutely not necessary for us to take the risk.
 the last series of images of la laden's images is the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawahri, was frequent frequently.
 the 4 field is the establishment of a national machinery based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a " working group on waste reduction scheme " (" the working group " working group) and is chaired by mr tam yiu-chung.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government had no response to this matter. "
 on the front day of the performance, hu nai-kui, a national music scholar, presented a brief picture of the songs of national music scholars.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted for 17.2% of the total receipts in 1995, a 1 percentage point lower than that of 1995.
 in post-conflict children, children in society have a leading position in society and children require care.
 military attacks on civilian population targets have been escalationed by the bosnian serb forces, and there are casualties.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a two-week survey period, 52424 visits were completed, and the overall response rate was 999.
 the chickens were transported through testing and blood test, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be provided.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres from iraq to extend its 10 kilometres and 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the children in the family service are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the demand for female prisoners was met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco) (p. 91).
 liu hsiao-chuan, who is the 1 visit to taiwan, is also the result of the war to taiwan.
 the central meteorological meteorological station is expected to have adversely affected the north wah south of china.
 this section recalls the reasons for the right to food to the court.
 in the end of the 19 century, there was a white ball in buffice.
 the criminal law and criminal procedures have been amended to strengthen national legal systems.
 the absence of appropriate legal sanctions to engage in arms manufacture would be able to promote compliance with respect for compliance with respect to authorization.
 the government and the business sector have launched a series of activities to consolidate the international community's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet troupe was presented to the guests.
 speaking at the ceremony, the director of home affairs, ms lee said, said: " hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new battle broke out in the northern part of the taliban in the north-west of the south-west of the taliban.
 in the computer systems, data in the computer systems are also very vulnerable and also caused some major issues of privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included in the voluntary presentation of the asean regional forum members, indicating significant significant developments in the area, as well as their awareness.
 every day, soldiers said that that day will be handed over to the hand, but they have repeatedly been delayed.
 " the longer the mpf system will be better, " the spokesman added.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often view the people's people, as the enemy, and so it is therefore not a heart of solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, china is fully ensured that hong kong is a class of assets.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use them.
 therefore, it is not possible to follow other things with other people.
 the results will be published in july.
 at the beginning of the 1940s, johnson has so far exceeded half a century.
 the bill today, however, is a matter of doubt today that the bill is being implemented within the transitional period.
 after arrival at los angeles in los angeles, sand fili was arrested on the 3 of this month after los angeles.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed the hong kong economic outlook for 2003 and the future of the future.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural production and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that statistics had not been adequately reflected in the size of the issue.
 therefore, we have to choose different types of bricks in different areas of different regions.
 in 1978, after china's implementation of economic reforms, the exchange rate system has changed, and also the price of foreign exchange prices for foreign exchange prices.
 the bishk group has been established in the context of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to have a very bad impact on health.
 some of the results are, in addition to religious booklets, social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 this year's total revenue was $ 102500, representing a total of $ 800255 yuan, representing a total of $ 82526.
 the provisions of these provisions should be applied to the chinese side.
 non-expenditary items conducted by other currencies in other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is the fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 " in addition, we have been ranking 2 ranking 2 ranks in hong kong. "
 in the wake of the incident, i knew the doctor's friends who have received their strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " to reflect the latest land use proposals in the north-eastern port of lantau lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations on the stage.
 to that end, member states must have assessed contributions in respect of their obligations on time, full and unconditional contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, human beings live in fear of continuing nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a cabinet committee was established as prime minister.
 in all cases, we need to wait for the period 2003-01.
 there is no other group of any other groups.
 the seriousness of the behaviour is similar to the extent of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2 apply for a summary of the financial statements of these financial statements as an illustration of the financial statements.
 in south-south, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the south-west of yunan.
 on behalf of the government and the government of the comoros, i would like to express his condolences to the families of the heros of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan to bring confidence in the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the president of arsman ( argentina argentina), mali and ukraine as vice-presidents.
 ohchr will promote the right to development of the right to development, planning, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (the vocational training council) is scheduled to be held at a weekly 70 per week.
 after the culprits escaped from the culprits, the culprits entered into the employers ' sleeprooms.
 the administration has announced today that today is the country.
 for example, the killings were already set for the 3 phase, but it was late until it was late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
